Things that keep me up at night are probably the same things that keep
most Americans up and that's, you know, of course I fear for my life.
No one wants to die. I think that even the most hardcore, you know,
Marines, they don't want to go to war. Of course, they'd like our
politicians to, you know, do things diplomatically. Everybody has family
back home, everybody wants to, you know, see the next day. So,
I'm not a coward, you know, when it becomes time to go fight, then
I will but it's not like I want to fight. What I want to do is, I want
everybody in the world to live together in peace and harmony but
I know that that doesn't happen. So, what keeps me up at night, is thinking
that any day now, any second, there could be a terrorist attack,
you know, near my home. The people that I care about can be wounded,
injured or the fact that I might have to go over there and you
know, maybe put someone else in harm, you know, someone that I'm attacking
or support someone who, you know,. attacks somebody. I don't
want to see people dead or killed just like most people in the military
I think but you know, even though it does keep me up at night,
you know, I do have a good sleep and then the next morning, I wake up
and I go to my job.